NE-986: Add the information about allowedsourceranges (#51776)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-load-balancer-allowed-source-ranges.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-lb-allowed-source-ranges"]
= Configuring ingress cluster traffic using Load Balancer allowed source ranges
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-lb-allowed-source-ranges

toc::[]

> You can enable and configure `loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges` API. You can specify a list of IP address ranges for an `IngressController`. This restricts the access to the Load Balancer service when `endpointPublishingStrategy` is `LoadBalancerService`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable and configure `spec. endpointPublishingStrategy.loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges` field. You can specify a list of IP address ranges for an `IngressController`. This restricts access to the Load Balancer service when `endpointPublishingStrategy` is `LoadBalancerService`.
```

Author: Addressed

> You can enable and configure the `spec.endpointPublishingStrategy.loadBalancer.allowedSourceRanges` field. You can specify a list of IP address ranges for the `IngressController`. This restricts access to the Load Balancer service when the `endpointPublishingStrategy` is `LoadBalancerService`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think that knowing what field you have to configure is the most important thing a user needs to know when coming to this assembly. I would remove that and leave those details to the procedures. Instead, start with what they can do - they can specify a list of IP address ranges for he Ingress Controller to restrict access to...

include::modules/nw-configuring-lb-allowed-source-ranges.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/nw-configuring-lb-allowed-source-ranges-migration.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

> * See xref:../../updating/index.adoc#index[Updating your cluster].

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend removing "See" and the period, and just leaving the xref stand alone. I think this is the preferred method for additional resources per jupiter specifications.

Author: Addressed
